Tay, are you at least 18?
Yes.
Fantastic.
Are you a theist?
I am a theist.
I'm a Christian, yeah.
Okay, fantastic.
I like how he actually just says he's a Christian rather than hiding it like the last guest.
Okay, what would be your best argument or your best evidence for why the Christian God is real?
Real quick, before I go into that, I just want to let you all know, I have my Bible teacher in the background.
So if you hear any like voices or anything, that's just who it is.
Sure.
But yeah, my, I guess, best argument would be miracles and how to explain miracles.
Well, I don't have to explain them because they exist in every religion and none of them are ever documented properly.
So if I accepted your miracle claims, I would also have to accept the miracle claims of the Hindus and people who practice other religions.
Is it your position that the Hindu miracles are real?
Oh, no, sir.
Okay, so then I reject Christian miracles for the same reason that you reject Hindu miracles.
I reject Hindu miracles because the God that I believe in is true and he's all-powerful.
Cool.
What's the evidence for that?
What's the evidence for God being all-powerful?
Yeah.
Well, you'd have to substantiate that he exists and then demonstrate that he's all-powerful.
Okay, well, God exists, like I said, for one, because of miracles.
But we don't have to talk about miracles.
They're going to prove miracles.
That's become circular now.
Now, what's that?
That would be circular.
If you're saying God exists because miracles and miracles exist because God, that's a circular argument.
Okay, well, my bad.
I'll try again.
Okay, so miracles, you said they weren't documented, right?
Yeah, I've never-
documented improperly?
I've never seen a single miracle that was ever properly documented by a doctor that could ever confirm that it was, in fact, a miracle from God.
There are, like, medical anomalies that exist that, again, they exist in every religion.
There's every religion claims that when there's a medical anomaly that it's because their God caused it.
But there's no actual, demonstrable, causal link between the medical anomaly and their deity.
Okay.
Okay, so from my worldview, like I said, in one way, yeah, whatever, miracles.
So the reason I believe miracles are true, like you said, yeah, I haven't seen any documented miracles by doctors, like modern doctors.
I haven't seen any, but I do have personal experience.
I have a friend, his name is Lincoln.
He had a form of meningitis three times.
And he survived, I guess, every single one of them.
Like, and there was no, I guess, what's the right word?
No lasting effects on him.
Like it didn't change him or anything like that.
Are you worried that people survive illnesses all the time and it's not demonstration that a God exists?
Because, so, for example, like 10% statistically of all cancer cases go into spontaneous remission.
But when it happens to a Christian, they automatically assume that it's because their God is real.
But that's just fallacious reasoning.
So, again, like you can demonstrate that there are like some weird medical oddities.
But just because medical oddities exist doesn't mean that your God is real.
It's still incumbent on you to demonstrate the causal link between the medical phenomenon and your deity existing.
Prayer. Prayer for one.
Oh, have we done any studies on prayer before?
I don't know.
We have.
And it comes out to a wash.
People who are being prayed for have exactly the same rate of recovery and wellness as the people not being prayed for.
And we've done dozens of meta-studies on this.
Okay.
But that doesn't deny prayer working, though.
It does.
Yes.
If we pray for a group of people and then we pray or we don't pray for another group of people and they have the same statistical outcome, then, yes, it demonstrates that prayer doesn't do anything.
Thank you for the jellyfish, by the way, Parker.
So you're saying if prayer doesn't work for one person but it works for another, prayer doesn't work?
No, for a whole group of people.
If we've got 1,000 people and we pray for 500 of them and then we don't pray for the other 500 and those two groups of 500 have the same outcomes, that's evidence that prayer doesn't do anything.
Because if praying for somebody is indistinguishable from not praying for them, then prayer is useless.
Hold on.
Okay.
So in the Christian worldview, the way that prayer works, prayer doesn't always have to be answered because God doesn't need to answer our prayers.
So we'll establish that first.
So then prayer can't be evidence of your God if prayer doesn't actually work.
So now you're just making excuses.
No, no, no.
So now you're just making excuses for why prayer doesn't work.
I want to help you understand this point.
If your point is that prayer is evidence that God is real but then you have to follow it up with, well, it's evidence except it doesn't actually work because God doesn't have to answer your prayer, then that's not good evidence.
It either works or it doesn't.
Okay, so I said God was all-powerful like the first minute I came in here.
Yes.
With God being all-powerful, that means he doesn't have to answer all of our prayers.
Like, for example, if I pray that I can successfully steal that candy bar and then something happens and I don't get to steal that candy bar, that'd be like me going to blame God for committing a sin.
No, not even close.
Tay, you don't understand your own argument.
Your argument is that prayer demonstrates the existence for God.
You have the same exact outcomes for people not being prayed for, which means prayer literally cannot be evidence of your deity.
And because now you know that you have the same statistical likelihood of prayer working as prayer not working, now you're making excuses for why prayer doesn't work.
So if you have to make excuses for why prayer doesn't work, then you're just admitting that prayer doesn't work and it's not evidence of your God.
It's not an excuse.
I'm just explaining to you how it is.
Does a group of people being prayed for have the same statistical outcome as people not being prayed for?
Repeat that question one more time.
Sorry.
Thank you for the hat, Mr. Skeptic.
Good to see you.
Okay, so do groups of people being prayed for have the same statistical outcomes as people not being prayed for?
I do not know.
They don't.
So we've done dozens of meta-studies on this.
There's been papers and research done on this.
People that are being prayed for have no statistical advantage over people not being prayed for.
So prayer literally cannot be evidence for God if your chances of getting better are exactly the same as the chances who aren't being prayed for.
Dude, do you just want to talk to my Bible teacher?
You're welcome.
I can explain this better.
You're welcome to put him on.
Okay.
Yo, here you go.
His name is Ron, by the way.
His name is Ron?
Yeah.
What are his qualifications as a Bible teacher?
What qualifications are you looking for?
Well, I'm just asking, do you have any qualifications?
Because he called you a Bible teacher.
I want to know if you teach at an actual university or you teach at a church.
Well, I've read the Bible through 135 times or more.
Okay.
So no qualifications.
No.
Hold on.
You cut me off.
I have a Bachelor of Divinity and a Master's of Theology.
I have a doctorate in Christian education and a PhD.
Fantastic.
So you do have qualifications.
But that doesn't qualify me as a Bible teacher unless I can teach the Bible.
No, it's just whether or not you have an education that would warrant your actual practice.
And it sounds like you actually do have some education.
So I would love to hear a rational justification for why the Christian God is real.
Well, let me ask you this before I answer that, because you asked for the qualifications.
Jesus Christ wasn't educated.
Yeah, but according to your theory, he doesn't need to be educated.
Although, in my position, the fact that Jesus Christ wasn't educated actually helps my position,
because I can look at the Bible and see where if you believe Jesus actually spoke the words that he spoke,
then it's clear he's not educated and he doesn't actually understand what's in the Old Testament.
But I don't actually believe when Jesus speaks in the Gospels that those are his words.
Those are just words that people put on his mouth.
And that's fine.
Were you raised a Christian?
I had 12 years of Catholic schooling.
I was a Christian myself for 20 years.
I went to Bible college and seminary.
Now, when you say Christian, you're talking about a Catholic?
Nope, Christian.
That's why I said Christian, not Catholic.
Okay, so you didn't go to Catholic school?
Catholic seminary.
Okay, all right.
That's fine.
So what would be the evidence for the Christian God being real?
Well, I'd have to find the groundwork, because I was listening to you talk to Tay,
and you were saying you couldn't believe any of that,
because as far as miracles, you've never read or never found any doctor or physician
that could attest to that miracle.
But what you felt in your Christian education is that Luke wrote the longest gospel in the Bible,
and he was a physician, and he attested to every one of the miracles,
because he was an eyewitness to most of them.
Well, that has nothing to do with the topic of miracles.
That has to do with the topic of whether or not you believe Luke was a trustworthy eyewitness.
Yeah, but you said he wasn't trustworthy.
I didn't say that at all.
Well, he didn't have a doctor or a physician.
He was a doctor.
Well, that's if you think Luke wrote Luke.
Well, if you're going to make up your decision that not Luke wrote it,
do you see how all of your decisions are based on assumptions?
No.
Even if Luke wrote Luke, he wasn't an eyewitness to Jesus' life.
Yes, he was.
No, he wasn't.
Well, then you really haven't read your Bible.
I have read the Bible.
Luke wasn't one of the disciples.
Luke was the...
So, Luke was a traveling companion of Paul and his physician according to history,
but the Bible doesn't explicitly tell you that.
So, I know that Luke is an actual person.
So, I know that Luke is an actual person that's listed in the Bible.
We have tangential evidence that he could have been the actual author of Luke,
but that doesn't mean he was an eyewitness to Jesus' life.
He doesn't even claim to be an eyewitness to Jesus' life.
That's not true.
Okay, then show me in the Gospel of Luke where he claims to...
Luke chapter 1.
All right, Luke chapter 1.
Luke 1, Luke wrote,
For as much as many have taken in mind to set forth in order a declaration of those things
which are most surely believed among us, even as they delivered them unto us,
which from the beginning were eyewitnesses and ministers of the Word of God,
it seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first,
to write unto thee, in order, and then you started with the birth of Christ.
Fantastic.
So, we're going to read this slowly since you couldn't read it appropriately the first time.
It says,
Since many have undertaken to compile a narrative about the events that had been fulfilled among us,
Just as they were handed on to us by those from the beginning were eyewitnesses.
Did he say he was one of the eyewitnesses?
Or does he say that he's receiving testimony from people claiming to be eyewitnesses?
Well, it's difficult because you're not reading it appropriately.
I am reading it appropriately.
I'm reading in the New Revised Standard Version,
which is the standard version that you would get handed
if you went to an actual Bible college or seminary that's even accredited.
So, now I'm starting to doubt.
So, you didn't go to a real college.
You went to like Pensacola, didn't you?
What's the name of the Bible college and seminary that you attended?
Because I'm willing to bet money they weren't accredited.
Oh, oh.
Well, let's play that game, okay?
You asked first.
I called it.
What?
I went to Bethel University, and then I went to Ashland Seminary,
both accredited respectable institutions.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
So, that makes you wiser than everybody else.
Where'd you go to?
Why is that important?
Why are you hiding it, Tay?
Why are you so afraid that you graduated from Bob Jones University?
No, I didn't graduate from Bob Jones University.
Pensacola?
No, I didn't graduate from Pensacola Christian College.
I didn't.
Sam Gipp University?
No.
I don't even know who that university is.
It's not a real university.
It's a guy who taught in a church basement who was a King James only-ist.
Do you think there's a reason why no accredited universities actually tell you to read the King James Bible?
Is there a reason you get all upset because of somebody answering you?
I'm waiting for the answer.
We don't like liars.
I want the answer.
I'm waiting for it.
Where'd you go to?
I just read you the verse down there.
I want to know where you went to school at.
Tay, I'm about to read Luke with you, but I want to know where you went to school at first because I think you're lying to the class.
No, you don't know.
Did you attend an accredited university or did you attend a basement church?
No, I did not attend a basement church.
I don't even-
In fact, I've never been to a church in a basement.
Fantastic.
So, I want to know where you got your credentials at.
Well, I'm not going to tell you that because you're not going to be able to do it.
Fantastic.
Okay.
So, we got a-
They just proved their point.
Why are we two such liars?
We got a basement university.
You're not going to take the Bible.
We got a basement university, King James only-ist guy on the chat.
Let's go ahead and read the book.
You don't know what you're talking about.
So, does Luke in chapter one claim to be one of the eyewitnesses or does he claim to be collecting the accounts of other people who were eyewitnesses?
No, he said from-
Those folks were from the beginning eyewitnesses and ministers.
Yes.
He said he had perfect understanding.
Was he lying?
He had perfect understanding of what he received.
Okay.
Well, that's more than you've received.
Well, that's irrelevant.
I'm not claiming to be receiving witnesses from anybody.
So, to the point that you brought up, Luke-
A little ago you were talking about the testimony of other archaeologists that-
Tay, I don't know why you can't use the Holy Spirit to let me talk.
I need you to have a little bit of Holy Spirit patience so we can have a conversation here.
Well, hold it.
You don't believe in the Holy Spirit.
Isn't that right?
You do.
So, I need you to invoke your Holy Spirit so that I can get a word out.
So, the point was that you said Luke was an eyewitness.
Luke clearly wasn't an eyewitness and he doesn't claim to be an eyewitness.
He claims to be-
You didn't hear me say-
He claims to be collecting and compiling the testimony of others who would have been eyewitnesses.
I didn't say he was an eyewitness.
I just read you that he said he talked to some eyewitnesses.
No, you started this-
He's a perfect understanding.
Okay, for everybody in the chat who is here, did this fake professor tell us that Luke was
an eyewitness before we started reading Luke?
Yes.
No.
Let's hear it.
You're on.
Let's put a one in the chat if the fake professor with no credentials lied on this.
No, you're recording it.
Just go back and play the recording.
It's a million percent going to be clipped.
Okay, so who is the next eyewitness that demonstrates that your God is real?
Well, you didn't take the first one.
He was a physician.
You said you wouldn't believe it if it wasn't documented by a doctor.
I said eyewitness and I didn't say documented by a doctor.
What's your evidence that Luke even existed-
You did say doctor.
Who's your evidence-
I'm sorry, what is your evidence that Luke was even the doctor who wrote the gospel of Luke?
Because the Bible calls him the beloved physician.
Now, it's the Bible-
I know, but how do you know-
That was a lie.
But how-
But how do you know that the doctor that is mentioned is the guy who wrote the book?
Because nowhere in the book is there any attribution of authorship.
Well, that's not true either.
Okay, find it for me.
Show me in the book where it says, I, Luke, wrote this, or this is the handwriting of Luke,
or I am the Luke that's mentioned elsewhere.
Well, he said right there, for as much as many, and he goes down there and talks about them being first witnesses,
and then it said, it seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first,
to write unto thee.
Yes, and who's me?
And who is me?
Luke.
How do you know?
That's what we're talking about.
How do you know that me is Luke?
How do you know it's not?
Exactly.
Thank you.
So, the author is not claimed anywhere in the book.
So, you can't tell me that you know Luke wrote it when there's no author identified,
which is baffling to me-
I write unto you.
Which is baffling to me, because I've read the ancient Roman and Greek writings from historians,
and they almost nearly always identified themselves.
It's wild to me that you've got these fanciful stories that are the foundational mythology for Christianity,
but the author couldn't bother to identify himself.
He just identified him, and you're not going to accept that.
Okay, show me where the author identifies himself as Luke.
Luke chapter 1, verse 3, I write unto thee in order, most excellent tell.
Okay, is I a name?
Is I a name?
It's a pronoun.
Well, I've heard you use it several times tonight.
Is I a name?
Well, if it's in reference to you, it may not be.
This is very simple.
I want to know how you connect I and me to Luke.
Where can I find Luke in this?
Sir, have you lost your mind?
It sounds to me like you're getting a little hot under the collar now that you've been pressed.
No, I just got a question.
Because people that don't go to your church don't believe your blatant lies or your fake education.
No, you don't know that or not.
You don't even know what church I'm with.
I can know that you're with a garbage church that has a pastor with no credentials,
which is why you think the King James Bible is the correct Bible.
No, that's not true.
My wife is sitting here.
She can testify to that.
I'm sure.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You're just making stuff up because you've got nothing sensible to say.
I was a Christian long enough to know that people that believe the King James Bible
is the only true English translation are a joke.
No, you don't know that.
I do know that.
No, you're just making up things.
Is every other version a perversion?
You tell me.
You're the one who's supposed to be the expert.
I'm asking you your opinion.
Is every other version a perversion?
Every other version of what?
Your story?
Every other English version of the Bible.
Is it a perversion?
No, I wouldn't call it a perversion.
I love these kings.
Why would you call it a perversion?
I love the King James only-est.
I'm using one of your slogans.
Maybe you're not familiar with this one.
You just read from your version of the Bible.
Is that a perversion?
No, I don't think you understand the point that I'm raising.
There's a popular saying among King James only-est, and the saying is every other version
than the King James version is a perversion.
Have you never heard this one?
I'm asking you.
I just asked you.
I asked Tay, I need you to focus and listen to my words.
I asked you a simple question.
Have you ever heard of this saying?
It's a yes or no question.
I need you to really focus.
No, I haven't.
Fantastic.
So I'll explain it to you.
Among King James only-est, they believe that every other English translation is an improper
translation.
There's an old saying that popped up that says every other version is a perversion.
Now, I assume that you knew that because it's such a popular saying.
I shouldn't have assumed.
That's my bad.
But fact of the matter is, I've never met a King James only-est that had an appropriate
education.
Because if you went to an accredited school where you learned proper Greek, Hebrew, and
Aramaic, you would understand that there are just better translations out there.
So that being said, it's hard for me to take you seriously.
That being said, I would love to hear, still yet, the evidence why your God is real.
Because you're real.
That's not a good argument.
Me being real is not evidence that your God is real.
I'm not trying to convince you.
Imagine being on a live with your Bible student listening and getting utterly roasted by somebody
half your age.
The fact that I exist is not evidence.
That's your opinion.
The fact that I exist.
On the contrary, the folks sitting at this table don't think you're-
The fact that I exist is not evidence of your God.
Tay, do you have anything better than that?
I'm sorry.
What's your real name?
You're not Tay.
No, I'm not Tay.
What's your name?
You haven't given me your name.
I asked you your name.
You wouldn't give it to me.
My name's Justin and you never asked.
My name is Justin and you never asked.
Okay, you're Justin.
Okay, I'm Ron.
Fantastic.
Ron, welcome in.
So what is the evidence that your God is real?
And just saying that I exist isn't evidence.
The evidence for me.
And that's all I need.
I don't need any evidence from you.
The evidence for me that God is real is that you are real.
That's not evidence.
It is to me because you didn't come of your own will.
You just didn't sprout in here because you had a mental thought one day and just appeared from nowhere.
Things don't come into being by thought.
They come into being through natural processes.
So I'm here because my father-
Because God is-
I'm here because my father looked at my mom and said hubba hubba and did some things that are unmentionable.
That's why I'm here.
I'm not here because somebody spoke me into existence.
So that's not an actual argument because that same argument could be used for any other metaphysical claim on the planet.
I could use the same argument for Zeus.
I could use it for Vishnu and Shiva.
I could use it for the tooth fairy.
So what's your evidence for your actual God?
Because you exist and you know it-
This is embarrassing.
I don't-
Ron, I don't know it.
I would love for you to give me the actual evidence rather than just saying that I know things that I don't know.
You're not a mind reader.
Neither are you, but you've been trying that all night.
No, you're trying to tell me what's in my brain.
And what's in my brain is not what you think it is.
No, you asked me what I have in my brain.
So Ron, what's in my brain?
So Ron, yeah, because it's not good evidence.
I want to know real evidence.
It's not good for you.
It's not good for anybody.
Everyone put a one in the chat if you think-
Well, I don't know, but-
Everyone put a one in the chat if you think that the fact that things exist is evidence that God is real.
I want to see it.
Go outside and look out.
Look at the trees.
How do you know that the trees aren't a product of Zeus?
How do you know they're not?
I'm asking you.
How do you know that the trees-
I'm asking you too.
I don't believe in-
You want me to answer, but you won't answer.
I don't believe in Zeus, Ron.
That's painfully obvious.
I'm asking you, how do you know-
When you're asking God, you're just lying about-
Ron, I need you to have a little bit of patience and let me finish a question.
You can't answer a question if you don't hear the question.
How do you know that nature came from your God as opposed to Zeus?
Because he said it in his word.
How do you know that his word is from him?
God created the heaven and the earth.
Yes, but I don't believe that the Bible is from God.
Well, why would I believe that a book that doesn't get science right, doesn't get history
right, is from God?
Because you believe all this other nonsense.
Why not?
I believe in evidence and science and facts, which is why I don't believe in the Bible.
What approximate-
You're not putting any of that on the lines.
I'm about to.
What approximate time period was the Exodus-
You've been going for an hour and haven't done it.
What approximate time period was the Exodus according to the Bible?
What was the period of time for Genesis 1?
That's what I quoted.
I didn't quote Exodus.
I quoted Genesis 1.
I could care less.
My point is what would be the approximate time period of the Exodus according to the Bible?
Do you know?
Do you know the time period of Genesis 1-1?
I'll just tell you.
Yeah, according to the Bible, Genesis 1-1 happened roughly 4,000 BCE, but I'm asking you about
the Exodus.
The Exodus according to 1 Kings chapter 6 was 480 years prior to the building of Solomon's
temple, which happened in 970, which means the Exodus is in the middle of the 1400s.
Now, who was the-
I know, and it was 400 years after Jacob and all the patriarchs went down into Egypt.
So-
Keep listening.
What does that have anything to do with Genesis 1-1?
So, what was the pharaoh listed, and whose storehouses were built by the Israelites?
Hey, I got a better question than that.
I'm going to need you to answer my question and stop running.
Use your Holy Spirit and give me the answer.
What was the pharaoh named, and whose storehouses were built by the Israelites?
Well, you do the same thing.
You give me his son's name and tell me who built their house.
I'll just give you the answer, since you can't answer it honestly, because you don't
Holy Spirit.
So, the pharaoh that's mentioned in both Genesis and-
Well, how do you know that if you don't believe in God?
So, the pharaoh that is mentioned in both Exodus and Genesis is Ramses.
It says that they built the storehouses of Ramses and Pithom.
So, do you agree that according to the Bible, pharaoh Ramses must have existed prior to the
Exodus?
Oh, I got all that.
That's elementary.
Okay.
Then you're about to learn a good lesson right now.
So, if you actually knew-
Thank you for the $20, and thank you everyone who's been sending gifts and Venmos to help
me with this hurricane.
Also, I'm home, and did you know they have no cases of water?
We have to be a limit of two to four gallons of water.
It's ridiculous.
But I'm home.
That's good.
We're glad you're safe.
Guys, make sure you're showing Hanji some love.
She's in the path of the hurricane.
She's trying to stay safe here.
Anyways, so, if the Exodus was in the middle of the 1400s BCE, then they certainly couldn't
have built the storehouses of Ramses, because Ramses' storehouses were built in the middle
of the 1200s.
He reigned from 1279 to 1213.
And your point is what?
My point is, the biblical chronology gets history wrong.
They couldn't have built the storehouses of Ramses if Ramses didn't exist for another
200 years.
No, history gets the biblical truth wrong.
Oh, so what is the evidence that Ramses lived in the 1400s?
Because you're spending all your time-
Listen to this guy.
Every Egyptologist you've ever heard, are you aware that even Christian Egyptologists
believe that Ramses lived in the 1200s?
I don't really care one way or the other.
Have you read K.A. Kitchens?
Do you know anything from James Hoffmeyer?
Do you know a single Egyptologist?
Have you ever read the Bible through from cover to cover?
Multiple times in the original language.
Oh, really?
Yeah, because those of us who went to accredited schools had to actually learn Greek and Hebrew,
which is why we don't read the King James Bible.
Oh, okay.
Well then, give me Genesis 1 in the Hebrew.
Bitter sheep-
Right now, from an accredited viewpoint.
I'll just quote it from my memory.
Bitter sheep, barah, Elohim.
In the beginning, God created.
Ha-shamayim et ha-eretz, the heavens and the earth.
Oh, they quit reading it.
I'm looking right now at the screen.
I just quoted it to you.
I understand.
I saw you looking at the screen.
I could tell you weren't quoting anything.
I'm looking at you right now.
I know it.
I understand what you're doing.
This guy's crying.
Give me Matthew 1 in Greek.
I actually don't know Matthew 1 in Greek.
Okay.
I appreciate you being truthful on that point.
Well, I'm not going to lie to you.
Why would I lie to you?
You're not the type of guest that needs to be lied to to get taken down.
You've been lying your ass off all night.
I'm not.
You've been crying all night.
No, you didn't hear no tears coming out of my eyes.
I'm hearing them right now.
And you have no answer.
You have no answer.
You're a man.
You have no answer for Ramesses.
I'm still waiting for an answer to Ramesses.
Just tell me what historical evidence do you have that Ramesses lived in the 1400s?
Just tell me what historical evidence you have that you're not called to preach by a God and the Holy Spirit and you refuse to do it.
You want to act like an idiot instead of a preacher.
I'm an atheist.
I'm not called by anyone.
Your God is fiction.
Hold on.
The only one acting like an idiot, Ron, is you.
Because one, you haven't answered a damn thing.
Two, clearly, you Christians have a habit of lying not only on your own book but on your education.
That's pathetic on your behalf.
Three, how are you a grown-ass man twice Justin's age and you can't even act like a civilized adult?
That is pathetic.
That is idiotic.
And I'm honestly tired of hearing it.
Now, if you don't answer this question, I will be the one to boot your ass off of this platform because I am the goddess here.
Yeah, Hanji actually is in charge here but I am having fun talking to Ron, to be honest.
This is a good time.
I know.
So, Ron, you've been here.
I don't know.
You've been here for, what, 20 minutes?
11 minutes?
Whatever.
Let me see.
You've been here for, oh, shit.
I've had Tay on here for an hour and 15 minutes already?
That can't be right.
Anyways, that's how long the live's been.
I don't know how long you've been up here.
Oh, 32 minutes.
There we go.
So, I've heard 32 minutes of nonsense.
I haven't heard one rational argument for why your God is real.
Not one.
Do you have one?
Can I unmute myself and speak?
So, the way questions work is when I ask you a question and then I stop talking, I'm expecting you to answer the question.
Do you know that?
Yep.
Yeah, but you had me muted.
Yes, because you never shut up.
So, can you answer my question?
What was your last question?
So, you've been here for 32 minutes and I haven't seen one rational piece of evidence or argumentation for why your God is real.
I'm just looking for one.
What's one rational argument?
Well, what I was doing as I came on to see if I could get one rational evidence from you that he's not real and I haven't heard that either.
Well, you haven't asked for it.
I'll give it to you.
So, I'll give it to you since you asked for it.
So, now that you've let me know you actually want a good argument for why your God isn't real, I know to give it to you.
So, in order to do that, let me get a couple foundational claims about your God.
Is it your belief that your God created all things?
I thought you was going to give me some foundational thing.
I'm about to.
Now you have some questions you want me to give them.
I need you to define some of your beliefs about God before I tell you why he's not real.
Do you believe that your God created all things?
Oh, I believe God is real and there is nothing, absolutely nothing that you can say.
That's not an answer to my question.
I'm asking you, do you believe that your God created all things?
Yes, God created all things.
Fantastic.
Did he create time?
He's outside of time.
If it exists, he created it.
Okay, so according to your review, he did create time, yes or no?
God created everything, including you and time.
I don't know why it's so hard for you to say yes or no.
I'll ask you for the last time, did God create time, yes or no?
Yes, he had to.
Thank you.
Fantastic.
That wasn't hard.
I'm going to give you a couple logical premises and I want you to give me yes or no answers.
Premise number one.
I don't promise to give you a yes or no answer.
This is how deductive arguments work, okay?
Premise number one, creation is a change of states, yes or no?
I told you, I wasn't going to give you a yes or no.
A premise number.
You're the one who created the foundation.
Just go ahead and land it.
Quit asking questions, just lay the foundation.
No, the way logical premises work is you have to engage with each premise with me
because it might be that you disagree with one of the premises.
So I'm sorry that you've never used a logical argument before, but that's what we're doing right now.
So premise number one, do you agree or disagree that any act of creation is a change of states?
You're not laying any kind of foundation, Justin.
This is how premises work.
You're looking for answers.
Ron, I'm not looking for an answer.
I need you to either agree or disagree with the premise because we can't move to the next premise until you agree or disagree.
So premise number one, do you agree or disagree that any act of creation is a change of states?
I don't know what that means.
No, I don't.
I'm not agreeing to anything you say right now because you're not saying anything that's fundamentally sound or foundational.
This is not a foundational claim.
This is how logical premises work.
It's just, it's just, it's just, I'm not laying a foundation of anything.
I'm giving you a logical, is it?
No, I didn't.
This is a logical premise-based argument.
There's multiple premises that leads to a conclusion, but I can't just give you the conclusion.
You have to actually listen to the premises and either accept them or reject them.
Right, I reject everything you say.
Fantastic.
So premise number one is that any act of creation is a change of states.
Do you accept or reject?
What does mean change of states?
You're still not laying any kind of foundation.
You're asking questions.
Ron, if you don't give me a yes or a no, I'll just move on to an actual adult that will.
So do you agree or disagree that any act of creation is a change of states?
What is a change of states?
You need to get saved, Justin.
All right, so you're not a real adult and he ran.
Fantastic.
Nope, I kicked him.
I got tired of his shit.
I think everybody was.